## Retro Action Items - 04/04/2023
1. Create ticket to consider moving to a single date field entry (now available in CMS design system)
2. Discuss how to remove console warnings in Dev Sync

## Retro Action Items - 01/24/2023
1. Discuss plan for plans to implement ECS
2. Discuss recommendation on adopting ECM (Tif)
3. Brainstorming on Comms/Outreach Strategy for rolling out MMIS

## Retro Action Items - 11/29/2022
1. Review Dev template to include item to review how to breakdown tickets logically / with flags in mind (Tif + Dev Team)
2) Review DB tests during Dev Sync (Tif + Dev Team)

## Retro Action Items - 11/15/2022
1. MMIS kickoff (Dev + Product to sync on outstanding work, Dev to spin up tickets for completed design work)

## Retro Action Items - 11/01/2022
1. Review Product -> Dev Workflow (special emphasis on handoff process) (Jerome)
2. Retro on LD after team has had a chance to complete their work related to it (Tif)
3. Talk about MMIS in context to the team (brownbag style) (Jerome)
4. Review Wiki format (Ty)
5. Review Brownbag Topics (Team)

## Retro Action Items - 10/18/2022
1. Feature Flags - how to improve LD documentation across all disciplines
2. Sprint Reviews starting first Monday of each sprint
3. Complete ATO Docs (PIA) at next parking lot

## Retro Action Items - 10/04/2022
1. Feature Flag Demo (High level - Parking Lot 10/04, Tech Implementation - Dev Sync 10/05) (Tif)
2. Review Tests (What do we need to run / what can we optimize)? (Tif/Bill)
3. Determine cadence for reoccuring activities (508 / PenTesting / Contigency Exercise). Document in Wiki (Leads)
4. Complete New APD page Kickoff meeting during Dev Sync on 10/05 (Tif / Bill)

## Retro Action Items - 09/06/2022
1. Schedule discussion on how to transition tickets from Design -> Quality -> Dev (Jerome, maybe use Quality sync)
2. Planning Discussion about tech needs for any implementation effort (Tif)
3. Plan for Mini Kickoffs whenever dev begins work on a new functionality (Jerome)
4. Revisit Brown Bag Schedule, Dio on tap for part two of his DevOps presentation
5. Complete Comms Exercise with Team on 09/07/2022 (Team)

## Retro Action Items - 07/12/2022
1. Allow the team to cycle the environment variables/logins. Tif will let the team know when that is available. (Tif)
2. Design: Document Validation Examples in Figma (Jenn to write issue)
3) Design: Document in Wiki Page key design areas within Figma (Jenn to write issue)
4) Team: Reflect on a memory from your time with the eAPD team to share during standup
5) Schedule team building exercise (Jerome)

## Retro Action Items - 06/29/2022
1. Review Cypress 10 video on Component Testing / CodeCov (Darren)
2. Review Chromatic license purchase pending meeting with Vidit (Tif)
3. Review Bug Template to determine if we need to add a checklist item for writing a specific test for the bug being fixed (Darren)
4. Rename existing test APDs to line up with naming convention from #4002 (Dio)
5. Extract 4 APDs from #4002, the 0 activity APD from Ty, and merge with existing seed APD to make 6 different test APDs (Tif/Dev Team)

## Retro Action Items - 06/14/2022
1. Create issue for exploring Cypress component testing (Darren)
2. Follow-up with Vidit on next steps for tooling/GH (Jerome)
3. Figure out ownership of Figma + Akua (Jenn)
4. Develop process for what documentation goes where (Wiki or Google Docs) (Leads)
5. Clean up Dev Portion of Wiki Page (Dev team)
6. Archive what is not need in Google Drive (Team)
7. Update onboarding document for more general purpose (Jerome + Team)

## Retro Action Items - 05/03/2022
1. Next Design Sync: Discussing how to bring QA into the Design Process (Jenn)
2. File Uploader preview to share with CMS Design System (Ty/Akua)
3. Spin up bug related to spacing between fields in Personnel Field (Jerome/Tif)
4. Update PR template to ensure tags are properly used for generating changelog (Tif)
5. Reviewing cadence for implementing design system for review (Dev, Chromatic needs implementation first) 

## Retro Action Items - 04/04/2022
1. Document decisions in GitHub; may require transferring summary from Slack (team)
2. Ensure approved design is represented in final dev ticket (design/dev)
3. Bring back Brownbag meetings (Jerome spin up issue)
4. Review/Revise Templates (Design/Dev/DevOps)
5. Conduct Comms preference exercise next week (team)

## Retro Action Items - 03/08/2022
1. Spin up next Mural board for 03/22 to allow team to async add content
2. Wait till vulnerability scans are complete before releasing 4.0.0
3. Plan for quarterly table top exercises (ticket to be spun up for Bill)
4. Conduct after action report on latest downtime

## Retro Action Items - 02/08/2022
1. Try to address GitHub Org level issues with Cypress Dashboard (Nick)
2. Try to obtain Mural licenses for team leads + design team (Nick)
3. Switch office hours to once a month cadence / CMS takes over invite (Jerome)
4. Reach out to additional MES team members to provide training / information sessions to eAPD team (Jerome)
5. Determine when/how to hold a incident retro (Bill)
6. Team discussion for next office hours (Jerome + team)

## Retro Action Items - 01/25/2022
1. Schedule time to discuss feature flags/feature branches
2. Review retro template (Jerome)
3. Design Debt: Work with Tif to align storybook to Figma 
4. Design Debt: Reorganize current implementation design with future MMIS work + Figure out how to organize features that span multple pages
5. Design Debt: Archive "obsolete" designs

## Retro Action Items - 11/11/2021
1. Setup time to go over ZenHub Pipelines and how we use the board (Jerome)
2. Document Coding Standards and Patterns, including testing + Cypress tags (Tif)
3. Figure out how to do parallel cypress tests (Bill + Tif)
4. Review release process + responsibilities (Team)

## Retro Action Items - 11/02/2021
1. Write ticket to update local build documentation (Tif)
2. Setup time to go over scenarios that may come up during on call situations

## Retro Action Items - 10/19/2021
1. None

## Retro Action Items - 10/04/2021
1. Reschedule Retro (Jerome)
2. Schedule time to discuss better documentation for design decisions
3. Team lead discussion for documenting review process

## Retro Action Items - 09/20/2021
1. Using a sense of being overwhelmed as a discussion/catalyst for discussion. 

## Retro Action Items - 09/07/2021
1. Parking Lot: ID team members who need to participate in parking lot discussions; Facilitator to assist
2. Schedule Quarterly Check in on Roadmap (Jerome)
3. Dev Sync will be used to review Design Issues ready for Dev + Create Dev Tickets as appropriate (Dev Team)

## Retro Action Items - 08/23/2021
1. Updating Change Log in the Wiki: https://github.com/CMSgov/eAPD/wiki/changelog (Team)
2. Planning for the eAPD Review learning session (Jerome)

## Retro Action Items - 08/10/2021
1. Research Spreadsheets around MDBT 
2. Setup Dovetail for capturing general user feedback (Akua)
3. Explore how to use Wiki to track releases (Dev Team)
4. Review Vulnerabilities Wiki Page (https://github.com/CMSgov/eAPD/wiki/Development-vulnerabilities)
5. Find time to discuss how Validation designs fit into future development (Team)

## Retro Action Items - 07/26/2021
1. Document External Dependencies (Bill)
2. Evaluate/Remove legacy/old unused code (Tif)
3. Find a new time for retro (Jerome/Tif)

## Retro Action Items - 07/12/2021
1. Team communication exercise to interns (Tif)
2. Jerome to press button for releasing version 3.0 to production

## Retro Action Items - 06/28/2021
1. Keep/start pre-grooming tickets in dev and design sync. Leads will come together with Jerome for refinement ceremonies. 
2. Address warnings / errors in the react console

## Retro Action Items - 06/14/2021
1. Try auto-merging dependabot warnings

## Retro Action Items - 06/1/2021
1. Parking lot time should be used for unblocking > solutioning, with some exceptions as needed and time allows or doesn't allow, or if there is a whole team topic that needs discussion. *ongoing*
2. If solutioning on a zenhub issue is needed, it should be done in a separate meeting with the folks who need to work together on an issue. That can be held in parking lot time if no other parking lot topics need to be discussed. It is not expected that the whole team remain on the call. *ongoing*
3. Add a Ready for QA pipeline in zenhub **completed**
4. Add a Blocked pipeline in zenhub **completed**
5. Hear more on Risk Based Testing *potentially during Cake Layer 2 kickoff*

## Retro Action Items - 05/03/2021
1. Review open issues that have been long standing during backlog refinement/sprint planning. If appropriate, we may need to split up issues into more manageable chunks of work. It's also OK to keep as is -- if appropriate. - *ongoing*

## Working Agreement Workshop Action Items - 4/30/2021
1. Product and design lead to write up agreement for team sharing. In PM's absence, temPM/Design Lead will write up and share out to the team for editing and comments. *waiting for Jerome return to finalize*

## Leads Meeting Action Items - 4/21/2021
1. Put a regular leads meet back on the calendar *in progress*
2. Have a team working agreement workshop - **completed** 4/30
3. Continue onboarding new team members - including sharing out the roadmap *as part of Cake Layer 2 Kickoff*

## Retro Action Items - 4/19/2021
1. Revisit the team working agreement exercise **completed**
2. Solidify QA workflow **completed**
3. Continue reviewing issue templates **completed**
3.5 Issue template for bugs/defects to include reproduce-ability **completed**
4. If only one person can reproduce an issue, it might not be a priority (check with product, use "hard to reproduce" tag if appropriate) *ongoing*
5. If there's question on impact, scale, priority of an issue, confirm with Product *ongoing*
6. Can probably drop front-end label/tag **completed**
7. Consider changing the time of team design sync *waiting for Jerome return*
8. Find alternative ways to recruit for research sessions than the all states list serve **completed**

## Action Items - 4/5/2021
1. Make sure issues that get auto-added to multiple sprints are addressed in some way - potentially in sprint planning *ongoing*

## Action Items - 2/22/2021
1. Extend parking lot time 15 minutes to allow for more discussion **completed**
2. Create issue for conducting Table Top Exercises for Go Live **completed**

## Action Items - 2/8/2021
1. Be more mindful of scheduling in general, to help alleviate distractions
1. Follow up with QA on the vision of implementing QA best practice for our team

## Action Items - 1/15/2021
1. Consider breaking out bug template from dev template -**completed** Team opted not to do so for now, but rather use existing Dev template as suggested
1. Write articles of our experience in the areas of Design, HCD, and Tech - **In Progress** 
1. Identify Tech Debt assessment criteria similar to bugs 

## Action Items - 12/15/2020
1. Limit use of yellow - **completed** on 12/15/2020
2. Revisit working session/possibly conduct retro during working session - **completed** in January 2021 by moving Retro to Monday's working session
3. Possibly reschedule retro - **completed** in January 2021 by moving Retro to Monday's working session

## Action Items - 11/03/2020
1. Leverage existing processes such as backlog refinement and sprint planning to assess opportunities to split issues to epics **ongoing**

## Action Items - 08/25/2020
1. Follow up on improving weak emoji game in CMS Slack- **completed** on 08/28/2020 via adding all of emojis that the team has identified in 18F Slack to CMS Slack
1. Revisit Roadmap as a team - **completed** on 10/29/2020

## Action Items - 08/11/2020
1. Add Testing as an upcoming working session topic- **completed** on 08/11/2020 via updating 08/17/2020 working session agenda
1. Revisit template use now that ZenHub has been migrated to CMS - **on hold** 

## Action Items - 07/14/2020
1. Update team on next retro format as well as proposed cadence of retro format variation - **completed** on 07/27/2020 via working session

## Action Items - 06/30/2020
1. Schedule 25 mins of working session time to discuss and experience a screen reader  - **completed** on 07/13/2020
2. Spin up issue to initiate Release Strategy discussion- **completed** on 07/01/2020

## Action Items - 06/16/2020
1. Share path forward regarding conveying urgency or the lack thereof with entire team - **completed** on 06/16/2020 via Slack update

## Action Items - 06/02/2020
1. Update future retro meetings' time - **completed** on 06/02/2020 
1. Track action items and status in a manner in which the team is full aware  - **completed** on 06/02/2020 via creation and ongoing maintenance of this page in the centralized team Wiki 

## Action Items - 05/19/2020
1. Create Effective Issues - **completed** on 11/03/2020- Jerome to review Dev and Design templates proposed by Team Leads
1. Communication exercise - **completed** on 06/01/2020 via [Mural](https://app.mural.co/t/eapd5455/m/eapd5455/1591010369773/5d54348036be7ab00df0ac00c573bed7ffa8b199)
1. Mindful about breaks - **ongoing** - breaks are being offered during meetings which are scheduled longer than 1 hour as well a breaks in between meetings when schedules allow

## Action Items - 05/05/2020
1. Resolve pr approval bottleneck - **completed** on 7/22/2020 - Team composite has been modified to support pr approval

## Action Items - 04/21/2020
1. Balance design strategy with upcoming update experience layer - **completed** on 7/23/2020 - Jenn and team has completed foundational cake layer 2 user research and updated/presented the modified roadmap based on that feedback on 7/23



















